## Omens
- [x] A hole in the ground rips open, growing as trees and rocks tumble in. A small blue Holfolk, Gruff, scurries out into a tree. She is shy, but explains that this only happens when there’s work to be done on the surface. Those from above can’t enter the Hole, held back by an invisible force.
- [x] Four Holfolk run past, screaming. An angry man on a horse chases them down, claiming they are spies from a wicked Realm. They are just curious, really.
- [x] A team of Ardwright builders hammer away at a great project (see opposite). They explain what it is, but not why, and will not indulge in conversation.
- [x] Bear-a-boar staggers around the woods, calling out a challenge to any animal that disputes his sovereignty. A pitiful sight.
- [x] A band of Holfolk have Bear-a-boar in chains, taking him back to the Hole where he was banished.
- [ ] A team of Ardwrights are sealing up a hole in the ground, the final entrance to their world, their work completed.

## Cast
**Holfolk, Little Ones of the Hole**
:FasHandFist: VIG 7, CLA 7, SPI 15, 5GD
:FasShield: Good at hiding. No means or desire to fight.
:FasLightbulb: Want to explore every part of every Realm.

**Ardwright, the Jade Architects**
:FasHandFist: VIG 10, CLA 15, SPI 3, 1GD
:FasShield: A2 (green helm and plates)
:RaBroadsword: Rockhammer (d8 hefty, can fuse natural objects together as if by strong adhesive)
:FasLightbulb: Want everyone to do their job.

**Bear-a-boar, Deposed King of Beasts**
:FasHandFist: VIG 15, CLA 12, SPI 4, 6GD
:FasShield: A2 (bulky body, tattered mail)
:RaBroadsword: Tired claws (2d8)
:FasLightbulb: Want to be respected or feared.