---
aliases:
  - Order of St. Lymond
---
## Omens
- [x] A forge carved into the rock. Blacksmiths complaining about the Order’s mistreatment of them. They want justice.
- [x] A Company of the Order, seizing supplies from local farmers. A frightened draft horse is bolting. The froth from its mouth causes a great frenzy if touched. A fight is about to break out.
- [x] A dry clearing among boggy willow wood. The Order hold council, stood in a circle. Each must justify themselves to their peers, who can challenge any weakness. No spectators allowed.
- [x] They are transporting a thief. The thief knows the burial place of a suit of silver plate (A1, immunity to weapons of inferior metal) and reveals this if freed.
- [x] A Company rides on the trail of a monstrous beast. You’re in their way.
- [x] A Company leads an attack toward the nearest Holding. They have 3 Warbands alongside their retinue. They will lead the Realm into misrule or be driven beyond its borders.

## Cast
**Scholar-Knight of the Order**
:FasHandFist: VIG 16, CLA 16, SPI 8, 9GD
:FasShield: A4 (mail, plate, towerhelm, shield)
:RaBroadsword: Thicksword (2d6 hefty), shield (d4)
:RaBroadsword: Crusher steed (4GD, A1, d10 trample)

**Frightened Draft Horse**
:FasHandFist: VIG 15, CLA 6, SPI 2, 2GD
:RaBroadsword: Kick (d6)
:FasLightbulb: Cannot be calmed by any carrying a weapon.

## Details
- The order is known as the [[4. Myth of the Order|Order of St. Lymond]], named for the mythical [[St. Lymond]], who was the first to hear [[The Judge]]'s sermon.
- Their mission is to "drive out heretics".
- The Grandmaster is feeding false information to the Patriarch, who will soon grant them a bill to conquer the entire realm.