## Omens
- [x] A half-asleep fisherman by a duckweed-covered pond. He warns the “old girl o’ the pond” can’t be trusted on her word.
- [ ] A pond thick with duckweed, the Sprite emerges, an old woman with the voice and movement of a child. She takes a liking to one member of the Company and asks lots about them before fleeing into the pond.
- [ ] Another weed-covered pond. The Sprite emerges in the centre, appearing serious. She asks her beloved to name any object they want, from the past, present, or future. She insists until they give an answer, then ducks back under water.
- [ ] Two beings of greenish water (see opposite) fight loudly, each proclaiming that “she loves only me”.
- [ ] A still lake, the green arms of the Sprite emerging on the bank, holding the requested item for their beloved. She attacks if the gift is refused.
- [ ] The Sprite, now angry, is here to reclaim the gift. She’ll take it by force if needed.

## Cast
**The Sprite, Old Girl o’ the Pond, Wrundl**
:FasHandFist: VIG 12, CLA 16, SPI 16, 7GD
:FasShield: A1 (robe of thick pond weed)
:RaBroadsword: Water shaped to a blade (3d6) or arrow (2d6)
:FasLightbulb: Wants to interfere with the way things should be. 
:FasLightbulb: Feels intense love for one thing at a time before forgetting them entirely.
**Watery Being**
:FasHandFist: VIG 10, CLA 4, SPI 4, 3GD
:FasLightbulb: Once people, drowned by the Sprite. They long for her love, but she has forgotten them.
**Drowsy Fisherman, Mucks**
:FasHandFist: VIG 12, CLA 6, SPI 10, 4GD
:FasShield: A1 (rusty pot helm), patchwork clothes
:FasLightbulb: Plans petty revenge against the Sprite, but
she has already forgotten him.