## Omens
- [x] Crowned stag, crawling, poisoned. Its antlers are known to burn scaled beasts.
- [x] A burial mound surrounded by a low stone wall. Much of it has been dug up, petty treasures scattered. The Wyvern screeches in the distance.
- [x] The bloated body of a poisoned Knight, adoring Squire weeping at their side.
- [x] Two foul eggs laid among battle carrion. The air feels sour. The poisonous young hatch at dark, share a feast, then lurch in opposite directions. A serrated blade forged with pain (2d6) lies with the dead.
- [x] The Wyvern soars low, seeking revenge for a failed attack on its nest. The attackers have already fled. It clutches one of their silver shields (d6, A1), blessed by the iron willow.
- [x] Fearing for its nest, the Wyvern lands to fight. If the situation is hopeless it flies to a neighbouring Realm, plotting revenge.
## Cast
**The Wyvern, That Foul Twisted Reptile**
:FasHandFist: VIG 17, CLA 17, SPI 5, 12GD
:FasShield: A2 in flight, A4 on ground (cowering wings)
:RaBroadsword: Bite & throw (3d10, slow when grounded) or sting (d10, wound causes bloating death within an hour unless thoroughly washed out with fresh milk)
:FasLightbulb: Disgusted by the sound of a baby’s cry.
:FasLightbulb: Fast but clumsy flyer.

**Its Poisonous Young**
:FasHandFist: VIG 5, CLA 10, SPI 2, 3GD
:FasShield: A1 (cold hide)
:RaBroadsword: Thrash (d8, carries its mother’s poison)
## Myth Hex
- The wyvern roosts atop the crag in a large nest of roots and twigs, littered with bones. 
- The surrounding crags are clearly scratched by claws.
- A narrow, winding path leads up to the spire where the wyvern nests.