## Omens
- [x] A funeral procession carries the Moth Knight, soon to be buried in home soil. She was a great Knight, but a poor ruler.
- [ ] A black hawk perches, then howls like a wolf before flying into the distance.
- [ ] An abandoned cabin, a clattering within. The Moth Knight cannot rest in shame. Her Spectre manifests, invisible and immaterial, throwing objects about inside the hut. After a moment the cabin itself is torn to shreds. Then nothing.
- [ ] In an instant the world appears as it will when all has turned to ruin. Everything is dead. As soon as a Knight touches something the world returns to normal.
- [ ] Three sages, close to death themselves, chant in a circle, pleading for the Spectre to rest, begging for her to leave shame behind. After a moment the Spectre lashes out at them, screaming wordlessly. 
- [ ] The Spectre leads her ghostly horsemen. Her form is more solid now, and able to be physically harmed. She will be at rest only after a victory or a second death.

## Cast
**The Spectre, the Moth Knight, Delsonde**
:FasHandFist: VIG 15, CLA 6, SPI 12, 7GD
:FasShield: A3 (mail, regal plate, shield)
:RaBroadsword: Fang longsword (2d8 hefty), shield (d4)
:FasLightbulb: Regains her form as the Myth progresses.
:FasLightbulb: Enraged by reminders of her failures.
:FasLightbulb: Repelled by reminders of her successes.

**Ghostly Horsemen, Warband**
:FasHandFist: VIG 12, CLA 6, SPI 10, 5GD
:FasShield: A2 (shimmering mail, helm)
:RaBroadsword: Longaxe (d10 long)
:FasLightbulb: Vanish into the void if the Spectre is slain.

**Sages, Close to Death, Kolto, Enc, Agid**
:FasHandFist: VIG 2, CLA 8, SPI 12, 6GD
:RaBroadsword: Staffs (d8 long), blue robes with faded runes, mortal affliction (see below)